[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What is the seed of life?
And how does it
create this sphere?
I am your host,
Matías De Stefano.
In this episode, we will learn
how the planets were created
and who were the first
beings that created souls.
12,000 years ago, I was
living in Ruhnilazoh.
It was a region in
the north of Egypt.
We call all the region Kem.
And the river Nile was
called Tulfa, the great flow.
And we have these two regions
that we call the motherland--
in the north, Ruhnilazoh,
and in the south, Ruhnubah.
Both of them were representative
of the spirit and the body.
Those regions had just one
spot in which both of them
were connected.
We call this place Haieptul.
Haieptul means the tree of life.
And that spot was the core of
the soul of the whole river.
This path is today known
as Osireion Temple,
or Assyrian Temple, which is
behind Abydos Temple in Egypt.
This spot there was the core of
the whole system of schooling,
where we were teaching people
and learning from people
the seven laws of the universe
and about every dimension.
We had no idea how exactly
give the information to others,
to new generations.
So we started to
paint it in walls.
We started to try to understand
the concepts of reality
through painting our hands,
through painting animals
on the walls, and then to
created hieroglyphics effects,
to carve on the stones, and
then to write in a paper
those carvings and
those drawings.
So since 30,000 or 50,000
years ago, we were--
we've learned to understand the
world in a second dimension.
People from the inner
world and other dimensions,
like the fourth, the
fifth, the sixth dimension,
used to give us all the data
from the other dimensions
in a way we could see it better.
And we could understand it.
That's why in many countries,
mostly in England, you
can see this crop
circles all around that
make this beautiful
drawings in two dimensions.
But they are, indeed, in three
dimensions and fourth dimension
moving around and
spinning in spheres.
We understood that we were
multidimensional beings.
So we start to teach and to
learn that the information is
not something in
just two dimensions,
that it's something in
many other dimensions.
And that's why the whole
information of the universe
was explained by architecture.
In our civilization,
they build this monuments
like temples, pyramids that
were not just pyramids.
They were spheres.
They were the projection of
spheres in the 3D matter.
The pyramids are
this octahedron--
in one part physical,
in one part ethereal.
So they can create
the fifth dimension
and the sixth dimension
and in the core
the first one, the
seventh, and the ninth.
And if you connect every
spot of the pyramid,
you can have the sphere,
the perfect sphere,
where it connects the
whole sphere of life.
So we could go within
the whole sphere.
And in the core, with this
darkness of the chambers,
we could connect with every
dimension just one spot
and in one moment.
But we knew and we realized
that a lot of people that
were being born into other--
into a new era--
they couldn't
understand exactly what
it meant to be
inside of a sphere
with the shape of a pyramid.
So we-- my civilization
decided to write it down
for the first time.
The only way that
other people could
see the reality we were
seeing in the darkness
of the chambers--
they could see it in
paper or in the wall,
like drawings, where
it was explained.
That's why all this information
about every dimension
was carved very deep in
the stones of Haieptul.
That's the way we could leave
all this information for those,
who on seeing it, could see
the three-dimensional reality
of everything.
That's why in Osireion,
in this temple,
you can find for the
first time the flower of.
Life the flower of life
is the design multiplied
for many times in this stones.
So you could see
every dimension of not
just the second dimension,
but from the second dimension.
The most important information
that we had at that point
was the division of cells,
the biology as a way
to bring the spiritual
world to the physical world.
Biology is the best way to
understand the meaning of seed
of life, of the fruit of
life, of the flower of life,
and the tree of life.
It's the only way
you can understand
the whole information.
It's the only way you
can see and experience
where we were teaching
about every dimension is
the spheres are cells creating
worlds, creating life.
That's why you should
not stay with information
in two dimensions.
This is not circles.
Circles just hold us
trapped in one perspective
of the universe.
You have to see
this sphere in order
to understand that
you have freedom
into many other directions
of time and space.
The first physical
realities were just
a projection of this
spheres in vibration
of the soul that were
dividing itself in many, many,
and thousands of parts that
created electrons, protons,
neutrons, molecular beings,
and this realities that
created the souls as a body.
We bodies and planets
are just the projection
of the energy of the souls.
We used to say that
the universe was mind.
Everything was mind.
And the mind created
by idea the body.
So the spirit could
experience all their dreams.
But they needed a
breach to connect this
and to create the matter.
So this bridge was
called the soul.
The soul is the core
of every reality.
It's the breach
in between worlds.
So you need emotion to
understand information.
You need energy
to create matter.
And that's why the core of
everything, of the tree of life
is exactly the soul.
And the soul is not something
that you can see as a spirit,
as a ghost.
The soul is a sphere,
a sphere, where
every energy and every
vibration of the universe
is aware and is vibrating
in different levels
of consciousness.
That's why souls are the way
and the bridges to create life.
That's why spheres are the
most important structures
in which you can understand
the whole consciousness
of universe.
In this region that
we now call Egypt,
we have these two
circles of life
that we call the
spiritual one in the north
and the physical one in
the south and the soul
there in the middle with
the shape of an eye.
We know today this shape of the
three realities of the universe
as the vesica piscis.
The vesica is one
circle turning into two,
created in the middle
like the shape of an eye.
This shape of an eye,
the shape of a mouth
is the shape of the universe
that brings up the soul.
The soul is the creation
in between body and spirit.
It is the one that
connects as a bridge.
That's why we used to say
the eyes are the portals
or the windows to the soul.
But it's not because the soul
is within and behind the eyes.
It's because the
shape of the eye
was the one that
help us to design
our reality in which the
spirit could experience and see
the body, the matter.
We have this vesica like the
symbol to create every reality.
So we have this circle, like
the sun connecting there
with the spheres in
the sky, and then
the other circle that
represents the Earth
with a cross in the
middle, representing
the solstice and equinox.
So both of them-- when they
connect in the middle--
they create the consciousness.
The consciousness
becomes the body
and the soul in the same spot.
So we have this shape that
has the shape of an eye,
this shape that is the
shape of the mouth,
and also, if you turn it,
the shape of a vagina--
that is, the creation
of the mother.
This three aspects
of creation start
to design the meaning of
life in every reality,
in every dimension.
So this two circles
that start to create
this knowledge about the
Trinity opens the portal
towards the creation
of everything
through the duality in
between positive and negative.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When the first dimension
started to expand itself,
it created the first
sphere, the sphere of mind.
And then, the
positive and negative
divided itself into
the vesica piscis
that we call the
two mother cells.
Then, you have the
seed in the middle.
And from this two dimensions,
we create the third dimension,
which is exactly the middle
in between both of them,
like two spheres.
And then, it divided in four,
which is the fourth dimension,
and then in six,
and then in eight.
So when the whole sphere started
to be created in the universe,
it start to divide in
many other souls, which
is too much energy.
So this energies that start
to create these branches
of the tree of life--
it was not physical.
It was energetical.
And the vibration of it in
other levels of consciousness
in other levels of
dimensions started
to fill all the universe
and all the mind
until it become the distortion.
The distortion is when
every light and every soul
in the universe start to
touch with the other one.
And the colors start to reflect.
So you cannot see the light.
You cannot see the main
light from the core.
So all the rays start
to reflect each other
and create in this mess
and this distortion
that we call darkness.
This distortion of
darkness create, like,
kind of a mirror
shape in which we call
the mirror hole of the reality.
So everything is just
reflected in this mirror hole.
And from that, all
the energy that
reach the edges of the
universe and that mirrors
start to reflect
themselves in waves
to the core of the
universe again.
So all this energy going
out and then coming back
creates such a force and
an energy in the core,
reflecting every
possibility to the center
that this seed start to be
charged with so much energy
that time and space start to
be united and divided again.
So that moment, where
every vibration was divided
and then all the energy
came back as unity--
and that's the moment,
where everything
that was created
in the waves start
to be created in the shapes.
[EXPLOSION]
That's what we call the Big
Bang, the moment where matter
was created from the souls.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When you see the pattern
of the seed of life,
you will see six
spheres and one inside.
This six spheres and
one in the middle
means the seven laws of the
universe, the seven dimensions
in which the
reality is organized
is the core of the
whole information.
But when you go
farther and you can
see beyond the
second dimension, you
will know that the seventh
dimension is just projected
to the eighth dimension behind.
So you can see this pattern
in eight dimensions.
When you project
the other one, you
will have the information
of the cube, the cube that
creates the whole realities,
the first cube that
creates the protector, which
we call the ninth dimension.
In the core of it,
you will have the void
of the ninth dimension,
where every connection,
every reality,
every consciousness
holds in the center.
Those spheres we call the
seed, because they are
the basement of every reality.
From these nine
spheres, you start
to create the projection
of other beings
in other dimensions.
You multiply the nine
dimensions that you
can see in the seed of light.
And you multiply it by
2 in the flower of life.
The flower of life--
you will see 18 circles--
9 positive, 9 negative.
The flower, after that, will
create the fruit of life.
And the fruit of
life will give us
the information of
the first mother
cell of the information of the
whole universe will be alive.
This pattern will show you
this 33 levels of consciousness
that are hold in a sphere.
So you have every possible
image of every reality
in every dimension
hold in this sphere,
where that is composed by
many other spheres that
holds cubes and chambers
within each one of them.
This fruit of life we call
them, because creation of souls,
because these spheres
are the ones that
reflect the light
from inside and start
to spray in different-- to
split in different vibrations
that we see as colors.
This fruit of life is the one
that creates the rays of light.
So it's the one that creates
for the first time the soul.
The soul is the whole
energy that the spirit
needs to create matter.
So that's why this fruit
holds the whole energy
of the universe.
And the soul is
the one that have
all the information to do so.
This is the moment, where also
this spheres in the universe
start to create the families,
like the clusters of beings
being connected
through time and space.
That's what we call
our spiritual family is
the moment, where the
energy of the same family
start to split in many,
many, many others,
creating a new body that
we call an archangel,
seraphim a big being in which
every cell is a new soul,
creating new bodies.
We used to give to the
soul a human perspective,
a human emotion.
So that's why we project
the image of a soul,
like if they were
people with head,
with hands, with
feet, with eyes.
But the souls are not that.
That's only a
projection of ourselves
in the fourth dimension.
But-- what we call
ghosts or spirits--
but soul doesn't have a shape.
The souls are energy.
You could maybe
see like a rainbow
or see like spheres projecting
light and projecting shapes
of geometry around, but without
specifical eyes, mouth, ears,
and human shape.
The first souls
created were just
the vibrations being born from
the sounds of the universe.
So the seven first vibrations
were the seven first rays
and colors of the
universe that started
to be themselves projected
to every time and space.
And that's why every
soul first created
in the universe, where
all the energies like
in expansion as a sphere--
so when they started
to mix together
and they started
to cross and create
this great sphere of life
that we call the seed of life,
we have this soul as
beings, energetical beings
without any shape
but the sphere.
After that, when
each one of them
start to split into many others,
we start to call them seraphim.
A seraphim could have
the shape of a sun,
could have the
shape of a galaxy.
They're such a big
beings that they can only
express themselves in spheres.
Spheres, or spirals,
in the universe
are the shapes of
the first souls,
because it's the movement of
the energy of the universe.
Every being that you
have seen as colors
around going through
the shape of a spiral
or the shape of a galaxy, the
shape of a sun, of a planet
is part of the cells that
divided this big being
called seraphims, which are the
biggest beings in the universe.
From there, the planets were
born, from those first soul
that have these shapes.
After that, through
the division of matter,
through the creation of cells,
the structures of the souls
and the energy of
the souls start
to look for new perspectives of
life in which the cells tried
to divide themselves in
order to the gravity in time
and space of each planet.
And that's why we started
to have many other shapes,
like different spheres divided
into different realities.
That's why we have
these shape of humans.
It's not because we are
similar to God or the angels.
We just projected
our shapes to them.
But they projected their
shapes to us as cells.
That's why the only reality that
exists is not our human shape.
The only reality that
exists is the spheres
that created the proton,
neutrons, the cells.
This is the only
reality that exists.
The rest is just a
conjunction of gravity
shaping these spheres
towards evolution.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
After seraphims were created
from these vibrations
of spheres of souls, this new
separations of the seraphims
created the power and the
most powerful energy that
has a purpose in a creation.
This power of cannons
in the universe
were called it archangels.
Archangels are not
human shaped, but are
like a projection of
those seraphims creating
solar systems, creating patterns
of geometry that condition
the beings into evolution.
And that's why a lot of people--
we can say we come from the
energy of one archangel.
And that's because we are the
purpose of experience of one
of the most strength forces of
each one of those seraphims.
So this is kind of a tree in
which the ninth dimension,
the first dimension,
the seventh dimension
is the main part of the tree.
And then, we have these
branches that we call seraphims
and then, other branches
coming from those that we call
archangels.
And then, we have many other
branches called angels.
And then, we have
the leaves that we
call beings alive in planets.
So we are all just one spheres
split in many other spheres
that creates this
tree of life, that
creates this fruit of life.
So we are the
smallest spheres that
were created from archangels,
angels, seraphims,
and the great spheres
of the tree of life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's important for
you to understand
what means the seed of
life, the fruit of life,
the tree of life, because you
are that, because within you,
every sphere that you call cell
is creating the body that you
are in and holds the information
from the whole universe
in every dimension
possible created.
So to understand the
shape of this structure
helps you to understand
how you all were created
and how you can
transform yourself.
When you recognize the power of
the cell, the power of the DNA,
the power of the
atom, inside of you,
you start to realize that the
symbols that you have seen
in the spiritual way, in
the history as the seed
or the flower of life
is not just a symbol.
It's biology.
You are in shape
all this flowers
and all this dimensions
being experienced
in the three-dimensional
reality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matías De Stefano,
for this series on the
creation of the universe.
Stay tuned for the
next episode, where
we dive into how
spiritual beings become
intelligent species, and the
conflicts that came from that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]